- Intro, part 1 : DONE
"Hey, hello? It's me, LORAY! You're in, we did it! Now, the game transfer might have caused you some kind of short term memory loss or something, 
so just in case, lemme remind you what's going on.
I've transfered you from your original game to this minigame in order to track down Matpat.
He knows we're after him, and I know that his last plannified hiding spot was going to be here,
in the "You can't" minigame from Five Nights at Freddy's 3. Why this game? I don't know... But there's gotta be a reason.
And since I can't be in a game, I need your help to find him for me.
You are the only one that knows matpat as much as me, since you know, you've had a rap battle with him.
Which is actually the reason why we're tracking him down in the first place.
Now, you see, that rap battle was an absolute banger, so of course people started listening to it like crazy, *me included*, 
but it also got multiple composers to make remixes of the song.
Which, you know, really cool but these actually came with unexpected events.
These remixes, when brought to life, would actually create some kind of... parallel universe or something like that, I don't know.
Now, that wouldn't be so bad if there was like... 2 or 3 remixes... but we're talking ten times that right now, 
and I'm almost positive that Matpat is the one responsible for such a complicated process.
Long story short, we need to convince him to stop this happening or the universe is cooked.
Uhm, now you're supposed to move around in this game, but I know that you can't normally do that so, lemme try something...
Here, try walking."

- Intro, part 2 : DONE
"Yeah, that's uh... sliding but good enough,
Okay, so to be able to find the key to Matpat's secret room, because, you know, he wouldn't just be sitting somewhere around here waiting for us with a cup of coffee or something,
we need to trigger the ending cutscene of the minigame, which won't be easy apparently because he actually tempered with the game's code to prevent this.
During the cutscene, one of the crying childs will drop the key to matpat's location. Though, we need to gain their trust.
In order to do that, we need to dismantle all 4 animatronics in the pizzeria to free them from their souls.
This is why i have given you this knife, try using it."

- Intro, part 3 : DONE
"Great! Now go down to the room below."

- Intro, part 4 : DONE
"Now, go to the room on your left."

- Intro, part 5 : DONE
"There they are! Well, this will be easy to do. Just get up the stage and get rid of... oh...
yeah, i should have seen that one coming... Hold on, it seems the animatronics are now sentient... that's great...
Though, I have their stats here, so I will give you all the intel about each animatronic as you meet them.
There isn't much I can do to help you. But, if you need a guiding voice, I'll be right here."

- Freddy: DONE
"That's Freddy.
He's pretty simple, but he's CRAZY fast.
He can still outrun you on his base walking speed.
Though he seems to take some time to determine your identity so the freddy mask will be your best friend for this guy."

- Bonnie: DONE
"That's Bonnie,
He has a normal walking and chasing speed, but his vision seems to be advanced compared to the other animatronics.
The freddy mask should help."

- Chica: DONE
"That's Chica,
Be careful, she has a really quick reaction, so approach her slowly,
because the moment she sees you, she'll already be in chase mode before you know it.
The freddy mask won't be of much use unless you are quick.
Don't worry too much tho, I can see here that her chase speed is really slow, you can outrun her pretty easily".

- Foxy: DONE
"That's Foxy,
Oh yeah, Foxy! hey listen! Uh, that one was always a bit twitchy. Uh, I’m not sure the Freddy head trick will work on Foxy.
Just make sure he doesn't see you, if he does, run away immediatly as there is no way to prevent him from attacking.
He will take a lot of time to enter chase mode, which gives you plenty of time to run. But, he will change room everytime you get away."

- Room 8, first time entering: DONE
"Well I guess we've figured out where matpat was hiding... that was surprisingly easy coming from a actual genius... I'm beginning to think it could be bait tho."

- Killed all the animatronics: DONE
"Alright, that was the last one!
Head over to the Afton cutscene room and lets comtemplate the classic scene once again.
Lucky you, you'll be in the front row."

- After afton gets killed: DONE
"*laughs* no matter how many times you see it, it still hits the same way. Alright, enough glazing, just take the key and let's go find Matthew, we are so close...
Whyyy are you not moving, what's happening?... They didn't drop the key?! Hold on, let me check... Yeah, they still have it, god damn it... 
We've helped them and that's how they thank us? Unbelievable. *sigh* Alright, change of plan. We will need to find them all and convince them to drop the key.
Since going the nice way doesn't seem to work, I guess we'll have to go the hard way. Now since they're souls, I'm afraid the knife won't work on them so forget about that.
Instead, the best way I can possibly imagine you taking rid of them would be... eating them? Yeah... just pull a CaseOh move on them. That can work."

- After eating first crying child: DONE
"Yeah that's how eating works, I guess..."

- After finding key: DONE
"There it is, finally... just grab it and let's get over this..."

- Room8, first time entering with key : DONE
"*glitching* wait, what's going on? I'm losing signal! Keep going without me, I'll be fine. Just stop him."